The systems are straight, clear. We nervous system, our nervous system, our movement within the
movement of the channel is winded. Wind will be straight. Wind will be straight, that will help to
calm down our mind.
So therefore, forced to prepare to keep the normal position of the body as the postures. And then
speech is more connected with wind.
So as in the teaching always said, keep the natural state of the breathing, our air, not just
extending or shortening anything. Normal stages live as it is.
That is the balance of the speech, and the mind balance is not wandering our mind to the past, to
the future, or to the present. Be in the stillness state of the right now, in the present state.
That is, is the natural state or the natural positions of the mind. With that positions, and then
feel the joy in appreciation and bodhijada thoughts, as we always talk in that bodhijada.
Really bring more joy and more joy in appreciation and bodhijada. To all living beings, wish good
things to every living being.
My practice, may my practice become also become one of the beneficial, one of the crucial cause and
the condition to bring the joy and peace, happiness to the world.
And then finally, everyone is in enlightenment. Wishing those strongly thought. And then in here
teaching said, with the strong devotions.
Come up wearing strong devotions. Feel the presence. Devotion is a combination of joy, and
confidence, and as well as feeling of the preciousness.
How precious. Time is precious. Teaching is precious. Our life is precious. I'm going to use this
preciousness of this beautiful, made by Buddha and Gaurabhema Samhava.
Bamanamata. Lineage my husband. Help me to fulfill that goal. Really, really. And with all those
beautiful, sizzling, those devotions, precious, sizzling devotions without any skeptical hesitation
and doubt and all that, really bring up those.
Those beautiful motivations of that, and release all those emotions and feel the presence of the D
any, the Guru, in Bodhima, the All-Buddha Dharma Sanghas.
In this case, Dany, Bhubala Matharas. Bhubala Matharas is not just one single individual, it's a
Bodhima, the All-Buddhas, Dharma, Sanghas of the past, the person in the future.
Everyone comes together in one single state. And all your teachers and masters, that you feel
connected, everyone comes together in one single state as Gaurabhaman Matharas or Gaurabhema Samh
ava.
All the master of the Kama and the Therma Lineages, and all the master of the India and the Estebed
as, all those great Buddhist masters, any country, anywhere you feel connected, feel that.
And here it's talking, in Bodhima, all the Buddhas, all the Dharmas and Sangha members feel that
and then do this brave. It's very popular, we went yesterday, that.
And then more specifically one is here, in page two. And that is here, or translated, or in a bit.
Oh yeah, in translated, precious teachers, essence of all the Buddhas of the 30 times, and please
consider me.
So this, that we will join this prayer, the four line prayers, with confidence, with the yearning,
with the longing.
In the teaching he said that we can bring up those, longing and yearning, feel the preciousness,
and feel happy, and feel lucky, ourselves, lucky, and how fortunate we are.
Really feel a pillar of those. Then join this prayer. And of course it's translated all. Translated
all. And in the Tibet, what is it?
It means essence of all the Buddhas of three times. Who is that? That's what we visualize in Brah
man Mater, on Gharapama Sama, right in front of that.
And that is essence of all the Buddhas of the three times. Past Buddhas, such as according to the
teaching, there are so many past Buddhas.
All these Buddhas, those are like, among every say, one thousand Buddhas come to this world. Among
that, four or three Buddhas, normally called three Buddhas, came before.
The Buddhas are still considering the Buddhas of now. The Buddhas, those are in the Tibet called
the Quran Jai Buddha, Serta Buddha, or Song Buddha.
Those are three Buddhas who came before. Before there are so many other seven different Buddhas
came before the beginning of the one thousand Buddhas.
There are so many Buddhas. All the Buddhas come, the past Buddhas come, in one single state. And
now to the Brahman Mater, what we visualize right in front of us.
Brahman Mater, as I said, is not just one single person. Embodiment all Buddhas, pasts, and then
Embodiment all the dharmas.
In the teaching said, what in the teaching said there is a famous Tantal known as the hip, no, dem
cho, jaka, sambra Tantal.
In that Tantal said, Lama is Buddha, Lama is Dharma, Lama is Sangha. Lama is Embodiment all the
three duals.
So Buddha, Lama represented Buddha, Lama represented Dharma, and Lama represented Sangha members,
Sanghas.
Buddha is all those past Buddhas that I listed. In the future Buddhas come, there is 93, one
thousand ninety-three, sorry, nine hundred ninety-three Buddhas to come.
So Embodiment all those Buddhas. The person Buddha is known as the Buddha Shakyamuni.
Then Palazzo Buddhas, person Buddha, East Buddha, Buddha Vedasathos, South Buddha, Buddha Vedas,
Rana Sambharas, and West Buddha, Buddha Amitabhas, and North Buddha, Buddha Amoka Siddhas.
In the center Buddha, Buddha Amo, Vero khanas, those are known as the Five Diane Buddhas.
Then Palazzo Buddhas, Buddha Amitayas, and Taras, and 21 Taras.
All the emanation Buddhas of what we are living in in our local Kura, those are bodhisattvas, but
also Buddhas, menjiciris.
Every Buddhas come through it in one single state as the Manmatars. And then Sangha members, Sangha
members of all those great Arathas,
Chariputara, Maungarputara, and Anand, Mahakahya Pasi, those are, in a way, present these times,
Sangha members.
And then Sangha members with all the Indians, those great Masters, Sangha members of the Tibetans,
those greatest,
and as well as all the different other Buddhist countries, Sangha members, come through it in one
single state as the Manmatars,
in front of our Manmatars who represent that. So really feel the embodiment of everyone.
That means what they are not just physically represented, but their compassion, their love, their
realization,
their understanding, their skills, and techniques, and method, every skill they have that import is
.
That is what the greatest teacher, the Maungarputara and Maungarputara is, who is right in front of
our skies.
And sitting on the lotus, and lotus disk, lotus, and moon disk, and the ticket seat.
And looking into the eye of compassion, with the smiling face, radiating, emanating so many
blessings of light to us, to all the beings.
It means feel strong presence, presence of that. And so that is. And then who is next?
All the essence of all the Buddhas of the three times, and that includes Dharma, Sangha, and the
police, consider them.
Look to us. Not look to any future or long. Look to me sometimes.
Look to me now. Help me now. Just dispel my ignorance now. Pull me out of the muds of the samsara,
duality, consumptions.
Those are many other, those calling lama past. Pull me from the muds and the dualities and the
pressure with all the emotions.
I really every dedicate to me to pressure me that. Pull me out of that. Bring me more courage, more
confidence, more joy, more power, more skillfulness.
So I can purify and claim and purify everything.
Make me as a hero or warrior to defeat all these negative emotions, obstacles.
Make me as the hero or the warrior like you.
Buddha is also known as the one who defeated all the poos, F-O-E, I think that's what I'm talking
about.
What that poo is? Poo is obscurations, obscurations, negative emotions. That's the one in Buddhism.
So that's the poo. That outside poo is not poo, according. That is really the best through the
ignorance.
They are just also pushed with ignorance. But really poo is obscurations, negativities.
When you defeated that, that is known as the Quran repeated that all the enemies or that.
Make me that warrior. Help me to become me warrior so I can shine continually my beauty, nature of
love and compassion, kindness, and continually open.
I can move in the space of Dharma, freely and help to all beings and joyfully. Really wish those
prayers.
So please help me. Look to me. Open me. And then next one, please bless me.
My mind will be matured and liberated. So bless me. Pull me, bless. Send me the letter of blessings
.
Blessings are coming as a poem of light. Light, white light, red light, blue light, green light,
and multiple light.
And white light. I think white light, yellow light, green, red light, blue light, multiple light.
And then also the Quran chakra emanating white light with the syllable alms. And then the speech ch
akra emanating red light with the syllable alms.
And from the heart center emanating blue light with the syllable alms. And bless all the blessings
and all the teachings.
Everything really coming to us completely instantly clarified all the obscurations and the negat
ivities.
And then he said, liberate, mature my mind. Mature mind, my mind, and liberated my mind.
What means matures? But at the same time, our mind is not mature. Why is the heart hit of all the
duality conceptions, negative emotions, so strong, so strong, so kind of hard.
Even there is something wondrous, beautiful that is going on, we don't feel anything.
And the teaching offering said that even the Buddha is performing all the beautiful display of the
magical or the enlightened activities, we don't feel anything.
Even someone is so pathetic, and so needed, we don't feel any somebodies or anything. So hard-
headed, this ego cling completely blocked our qualities, natures.
And that is called the hard heat, like ice.
Ice as a solid rock, kind of iron balls, our is nothing there. So that is, when is that is called
not matured.
But when our heart is become more tender, more calm, more peaceful, more love, more compassion,
more joy, more appreciation, more considerations, more kind of respect and appreciation, more kind
of like thought of the porginess and the excuses.
And the open mind, open heart, that is beginning of the mature in the mind. When that happened,
what we can do, we can liberate it.
What we can liberate it, we can liberate it all the obscurations, negativities, emotions, we can
liberate it.
So mature the mind, bring our maturity state with all our beauty qualities, hidden qualities with
nature of the mind, and liberate all the obscurations, negative emotions.
Obscurations, those are the kind of larger ways, emotion obscurations, knowledge obscurations, or
grasping, clinging, negative emotions. Clear way that.
So then, what would that will happen? Then it will shine the beauty of our own nature, my natures.
So please bless me that, that status. When that that happened, then what will come, the next one,
please bless me so that extra oriented realization of the profound part will arise in my beings.
When that we start to kind of bring our mind is more love and more kindness, more compassion, more
devotion, more joy, more appreciation.
And then same time, same time, we kind of liberated all the negative emotions as it arises.
Then the part of the, then really part of realization is coming, booming, is coming, and here say
the profound part of the, profound part of the, profound part is arising.
What are those parts in the general Buddha teaching? Those are five parts, accumulation part
arising, application part is arising, seeing part is arising, and meditation part is arising.
And then no more starting part. Part is arising. All 10 boomies, those are gradually coming,
arising, from within our heart and mind.
According to Doki level, those are the four visions. Those are not, what's called, visions of the
seeing the true nature, exactly as it is.
And the seeing and then expanding or increasing the visions and the realizations, second vision,
second part of the Doki.
Third one, reaching to the peak of the awareness.
Fourth one is known as then exhausting all the phenomena, duality phenomena, exerting completely,
reaching that order to come that how we have to mature our mind, we have to liberated our negative
emotions as it arises, liberated.
When the realization is booming, and we continue to keep that maturity status, then truly, then we
'll boom.
The realization of the Doki, even it is so fast, so powerful, so skilled, we need prepared up that.
We have to prepare our self, devotion, joy, both each other, really bring up that.
And when we have to do devotion, that means our skeptical thoughts are gone or demolishing,
decreasing. Our hesitation is decreasing, and our doubt is going to demolish or decreasing.
And then confidence, joy is arising, and feeling on the brightness is arising, happiness, joy,
brightness. Then you also will become courage and commitment to you, these beautiful opportunities.
This is what then the realization comes. When that is happening, and then what in this fourth one
said, please, please bless me so that may I actually this life, spring part of a clear light, great
perfectionist.
So, so we know of all that happened, all that happened, those are coming one after another. And the
first is that precious teacher, you're connected to yourself, first line explaining, connect to
yourself to the lineage with the devotion, a strong confidence.
Then you also pray to mature my mind and liberate, I can ever liberated all the consumption of dual
ity and negative emotion. So bless me that. And then that when that happened, and then perform the
path of realization is growing, shining, developing.
So bless me that. When that happened, then we can actually the realization of the profound path of
zoki within this lifetimes as a great master, or as a great master.
Also all those great masters, we can they within this lifetimes. So please bless me so that may I
can actually in this life, supreme part of a clear light, great perfectionists.
So, those are said here, so that is the upper supplicating him or the supplicating llama with those
prayers, and then dissolve the llama into yourself, then rest in the mind in the equanimities, or
equanimities and the zoki status, zoki, or zoki meditation, then do the zoki meditations.